# ğŸ—“ï¸ Daily Standâ€‘Up Meeting

## Date & Time
> **Insert:** YYYYâ€‘MMâ€‘DD, HH:MMÂ AM/PM

---

## Participants
| Name / Role | Present? |
|-------------|----------|
| AnthonyÂ V. â€“ Developer | â˜ |
| **_TeammateÂ ** | â˜ |
| **_TeammateÂ ** | â˜ |
| **_TeammateÂ ** | â˜ |
| **_TeammateÂ ** | â˜ |
| **_TeammateÂ ** | â˜ |
| **_TeammateÂ ** | â˜ |

---

## Meeting Type
> e.g. **Daily Standâ€‘Up**

---

## Reference Materials
- Link to previous standâ€‘up notes  
- Link to current sprint board  
- Any design docs / PRs to review  

---

## Checkâ€‘In
> â€œAnything before we dive on in?â€

---

## Goals & Priorities

| Participant | ğŸ•°ï¸  **Since Last Standâ€‘Up** | ğŸš€  **Until Next Standâ€‘Up** |
|-------------|-----------------------------|-----------------------------|
| **Anthony** | â€¢ Finished setting up LabÂ 3 repo<br>â€¢ Closed IssuesÂ #1â€‘2 | â€¢ Style `meetingâ€‘minutes` page<br>â€¢ Validate CSS & add screenshot |
| **_TeammateÂ _** |  |  |
| **_TeammateÂ _** |  |  |
| **_TeammateÂ _** |  |  |
| **_TeammateÂ _** |  |  |
| **_TeammateÂ _** |  |  |
| **_TeammateÂ _** |  |  |
---

## Important Topics

| Topic | Description / Context | Decisions / Results |
|-------|-----------------------|---------------------|
| Sprint Scope | Clarify which CSS checklist items are **MVP** | Agreed to split between A & B |
| CI Workflow | Discuss adding GitHubÂ Actions lint step | Postponed until next sprint |

---

## Actions
- [ ] **Anthony** â€“ Push `style.css` base and open PR  
- [ ] **TeammateÂ 2** â€“ Draft standâ€‘up automation issue template  
- [ ] **TeammateÂ 3** â€“ Research GitHubÂ Actions for CSS linting  

---

> _Remember to update this file during or immediately after the meeting, check off items as theyâ€˜re completed, and link PRs/issues where relevant._
